Update upgrading-metabase.md (#58477)
metabase/metabase: docs/installation-and-operation/upgrading-metabase.md

Check out a list of [Metabase releases](https://github.com/metabase/metabase/releases).

> NOTE: when upgrading between major versions (e.g. v53.x to v54.x), please always use the latest minor version available for that major version. E.g. if you want to upgrade from v50 to v51, use v51.14 since .14 it's the latest minor version of the v51 major version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upgrading between major versions (e.g. v53.x to v54.x), use the latest minor version available for that major version. E.g., if you want to upgrade from v50 to v51, use the latest point version available for 51.
```
